[16.0][ADD] sale_lead_time (#3539)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_lead_time/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

+---------+-------+---------+-----------+------------------+
| Japan   | Tokyo |         | 2nd WH    |              7.0 |
+---------+-------+---------+-----------+------------------+

If the factors are configured to be like this:

- Country: 1.0
- State: 1.0
- Partner: 1.0
- Warehouse: 2.0

The scores of each profile will be calculated as follows:

+---------+-------+---------+-----------+------------------+-------------------------------+
| Country | State | Partner | Warehouse | Lead Time (Days) | Score Calculation             |
+=========+=======+=========+===========+==================+===============================+
| Japan   | Tokyo | Cust A  |           |              3.0 | 1.0 + 1.0 + 1.0 + 0.0 = 3.0   |
+---------+-------+---------+-----------+------------------+-------------------------------+
| Japan   | Tokyo |         | Main WH   |              5.0 | 1.0 + 1.0 + 0.0 + 2.0 = 4.0   |
+---------+-------+---------+-----------+------------------+-------------------------------+
| Japan   | Tokyo |         | 2nd WH    |              7.0 | N/A for warehouse mismatch    |
+---------+-------+---------+-----------+------------------+-------------------------------+

> As a result, 5.0 days of the Delivery Lead Time will be proposed for the sales order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The profile with the highest score is considered the best match, and therefore, a
Delivery Lead Time of 5.0 days will be proposed for the sales order.
```
